Computer Science 160
Homework 3
Dominique Ingoglia
Problems: 4,6,10,14,22

#4
a. x=38 y=26 symbol=2
x=38 and y=26 since x and y are both type ‘int’ and the space determines
the end point of the first ‘int’ and the beginning of the next ‘int’.
The ‘cin.ignore(100, ‘\n’)’, ignores 100 characters or until '\n’ is
located, then it will assign the next character/s to ‘symbol’. Since
'symbol’ is type 'char’, it will only assign '2' to 'symbol’.

b. x=38 y=67 symbol=’ ‘
The x input is the same as before, while the y input comes after the ‘*’
character instead of ‘\n’. Since ‘cin.get’ is used for ‘symbol’, the
result is a white space, since ‘cin.get’ changes the default of skipping
whitespace when inputing variables.

c. y=38 x=24 symbol=$
The y input is the same as x in sections a and b. x is that same as y in
section a. For ‘symbol’ the white space is skipped as default, assigning
$ to the variable.

d. symbol=3 x=67 y=24
Symbol takes the first char as its value. Characters up to ‘*' are
ignored and ‘67‘ is the input for x. The rest of the characters are
ignored on that line and 24 is the value for y.

e. x=24 symbol=$ y=6338 y=26 symbol=2
x=38 and y=26 since x and y are both type ‘int’ and the space determines
the end point of the first ‘int’ and the beginning of the next ‘int’.
The ‘cin.ignore(100, ‘\n’)’, ignores 100 characters or until '\n’ is
located, then it will assign the next character/s to ‘symbol’. Since
'symbol’ is type 'char’, it will only assign '2' to 'symbol’.

#6
a. x=35 y=62 ch= ‘. ' z=78 (the .0 is left off of the float for variable z)
b. x=86 y=32 ch='A’ z=92.6
c. x=12 y=0 z=6.90703e-310 

#10

16
15
32
6
243
Length of message = 29















#14

#include <iostream>
#include <iomanip>

using namespace std;

int main()
{
char x = ' ';
cout << setfill('*');
cout << setw(36) << x << endl;

return 0;
}


#22

#include <fstream>
#include <iostream>
#include <string>

using namespace std;

int main()
{

  ifstream inFile;
  int acctNumber;
  string accountType;
  double balance;

  inFile.open ("stream.dat");
  inFile >> acctNumber >> accountType
      >> balance;
  inFile.close();
  
  return 0;
}


