Dominique Ingoglia
Program 3
Chapter 3 Problem # 5

1. Analysis of the Problem
   The parameters of this program will essentially be to obtain data about the number of tickets sold at a football game stored in a file and to calculate and output the total number of tickets and the total amount of sales for that game in a separate file.  A program which is constructed to do this will need to gain access to external files and to read, augment, and write that data.  The data is already assumed to be stored in the data file that the program will use and the names of the files will be Ch3_Ex5Out.txt and Ch3_Ex5Data.txt.

2.Algorithm
1. Print to the screen: “Processing Data”.
2. Open the file containing data and the file that will contain the output.
3. Read through the data file and assign the number of box office tickets to  'box' variable, 'sideline' to sideline tickets, 'premium' to premium and 'general' to general. 
4.  In the output file, calculate the number of ticket sold and print “Number of tickets sold  =  “ followed by the sum of all of the variables (box + sideline + premium + general).
5. Skip a line in the output file and print “Sale amount = $” followed by the sum of each number of tickets multiplied by the price of the ticket (box*250 + sideline*100 + premium*50 + general*25).  Make sure that the amount prints as a decimal with a precision of 2 so that it is a dollar amount.
6.  Close both the data and output files.
7. Print “Complete!  Press enter to continue...” and have to program halt until enter is pressed.
8.Exit the program.

3.User Documentation

1. Execute the program by going to a terminal, entering the folder that the file is located in and running the program by first typing in './' followed (with no space in between) by the complete name of the program.

2.  The program will print “Processing Data” on the screen to inform you that it has begun its task.

3.Once the program has finished, the program will print “Complete!  Press enter to continue...”.  At which point press enter to exit.
